MWC4K2020 Wiki + News article (#3904)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2020-07-16-mwc-4k-2020-registrations-open.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 4K World Cup 2020: Registrations now open!"
date: 2020-07-16 20:00:00 +0000
---

Oh boy, here we go again. The osu!mania 4K World Cup registration phase is now open!

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/MWC4k2020.jpg)

> For more details, please refer to the **[osu!mania 4K World Cup 2020 wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2020_4K)**.
> You can discuss this event and follow the most important changes in the **[official discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1106843)** or by joining us at the public **[community Discord server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, please refer to the **[osu!mania 4K World Cup 2020 wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2020_4K)**. You can discuss this event and follow the most important changes in the **[official discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1106843)** or by joining us at the public **[community Discord server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H)**.
```

> ## Tournament Schedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tournament schedule
```

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |

> | Registration Phase | Jul 16th – Jul 30th |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Registration phase | Jul 16th – Jul 30th |
```

| Drawings | Aug 8th (14:00 UTC) |
| Group Stage | Aug 15th & Aug 16th |
| Round of 16 | Aug 22nd & May 23rd |
| Quarterfinals | Aug 29th & Aug 30th |
| Semifinals | Sep 5th & Sep 6th |
| Finals | Sep 12th & Sep 13th |

> | Grand Finals | Sep 19th & Sep 20th |

Reviewer: might wanna consider using same date format as on the wiki?

Author: Is just for simplicity sake on news article

## Prizes

> | Placing | Prize(s) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Placing | Prizes |
```

| :-- | :-- |
| ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | $150 per team member, profile badge, "osu!mania Champion" user title for one year |
| ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | $80 per team member, profile badge |
| ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | $40 per team member, profile badge |

## How do I register?

- **[Click here to sign-up!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/tournaments/25)**

> - Do not create teams in advance! Teams will be formed by each country's team captain after the Registration Phase has concluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not create teams in advance! Teams will be formed by each country's team captain after the registration phase has concluded.
```

- Submit your registration **before the 30th of July.**

Please note: you may only participate if your **osu!mania 4K Global Ranking is #5000 or higher, and have not violated the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) in the past 12 months**.

> If your registration successfully passes our evaluation, you will be placed onto the candidate list for your country. Whenever a captain for your country has been assigned, the list will be sent to them. This may take a while, so please be patient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your registration successfully passes our evaluation, you will be placed onto the candidate list for your country. Whenever a captain for your country is assigned, the list will be sent to them. This may take a while, so please be patient.
```
